index.markdown, before:

---
# Feel free to add content and custom Front Matter to this file.
# To modify the layout, see https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/#overriding-theme-defaults

layout: main
title: Main
---
# Hello there!

I am a PhD candidate in Physics at UNC-Chapel Hill. Currently, I am in my 5th year
and plan to graduate in May 2021. I work under the supervision of [Prof. Joaquin
Drut](https://users.physics.unc.edu/~drut/public_html_UNC/) and focus on the
computational and analytical methods at the interface between quantum gases and
neutron matter system. I obtained my B.S. degree in Physics from Shangdong
University, China in 2015.

Below is a list of links for more details about me:

- [about me](/aboutme) page on this website
- My [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/yaqi-hou/) profile
- My CV: [Academia](CV/Yaqi-Hou-CV-Academia.pdf) \| [Industry](CV/Yaqi-Hou-CV-Industry.pdf)
- My [GitHub](https://github.com/yaqihou) homepage

And below are about my research:

- My [publication list](/publications)
- My [ORCID](https://orcid.org/0000-0002-4810-4613) profile

Commit message:

Add more styling elements, contents is still WIP
Signed-off-by: Yaqi Hou <yaqi.hou@yahoo.com>

index.markdown, after:

---
# Feel free to add content and custom Front Matter to this file.
# To modify the layout, see https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/#overriding-theme-defaults

layout: main
title: Main
---
# Hello there!

I am a PhD candidate in Physics at UNC-Chapel Hill. Currently, I am in my 5th year
and plan to graduate in May 2021. I work under the supervision of [Prof. Joaquin
Drut](https://users.physics.unc.edu/~drut/public_html_UNC/) and focus on the
computational and analytical methods at the interface between quantum gases and
neutron matter system. I obtained my B.S. degree in Physics from Shangdong
University, China in 2015.

Below is a list of links for more details about me:

- [About me](/aboutme) page on this website
- My [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/yaqi-hou/) profile
- My CV: [Academia](CV/Yaqi-Hou-CV-Academia.pdf) \| [Industry](CV/Yaqi-Hou-CV-Industry.pdf)
- My [GitHub](https://github.com/yaqihou) homepage

You can find more about my research profile from:

- [Publication List](/publications) on this website
- [ORCID](https://orcid.org/0000-0002-4810-4613) profile
- [Google Scholar](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=PUZlPc8AAAAJ&hl=en) profile
- [Research Gate](https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Yaqi-Hou-3) profile
